UPGRADE.md, before:

# UPGRADE

### 0.6 to 0.7

 * The Ivory http adapter library has BC breaks (See [here](https://github.com/egeloen/ivory-http-adapter/blob/master/UPGRADE.md#06-to-07)).

### 0.5 to 0.6

 * All protected properties and methods have been updated to private except for entry points. This is mostly motivated
   for enforcing the encapsulation and easing backward compatibility. The same goes for the library.
 * The Ivory http adapter library has BC breaks (See [here](https://github.com/egeloen/ivory-http-adapter/blob/master/UPGRADE.md#05-to-06)).

### 0.4 to 0.5

 * The `guzzle3` type has been renamed to `guzzle`.
 * The `guzzle4` type has been renamed to `guzzle_http`.
 * The Ivory http adapter library has BC breaks (See [here](https://github.com/egeloen/ivory-http-adapter/blob/master/UPGRADE.md#04-to-05)).

### 0.3 to 0.4

 * The Ivory http adapter library has BC breaks (See [here](https://github.com/egeloen/ivory-http-adapter/blob/master/UPGRADE.md#03-to-04)).

### 0.2 to 0.3

 * The Ivory http adapter library has BC breaks (See [here](https://github.com/egeloen/ivory-http-adapter/blob/master/UPGRADE.md#02-to-03)).

### 0.1 to 0.2

 * The Ivory http adapter library has BC breaks (See [here](https://github.com/egeloen/ivory-http-adapter/blob/master/UPGRADE.md#01-to-02)).

Commit message:

Update according to egeloen/http-adapter 0.8

UPGRADE.md, after:

# UPGRADE

### 0.7 to 0.8

 * The Ivory http adapter library has BC breaks (See [here](https://github.com/egeloen/ivory-http-adapter/blob/master/UPGRADE.md#07-to-08)).

### 0.6 to 0.7

 * The Ivory http adapter library has BC breaks (See [here](https://github.com/egeloen/ivory-http-adapter/blob/master/UPGRADE.md#06-to-07)).

### 0.5 to 0.6

 * All protected properties and methods have been updated to private except for entry points. This is mostly motivated
   for enforcing the encapsulation and easing backward compatibility. The same goes for the library.
 * The Ivory http adapter library has BC breaks (See [here](https://github.com/egeloen/ivory-http-adapter/blob/master/UPGRADE.md#05-to-06)).

### 0.4 to 0.5

 * The `guzzle3` type has been renamed to `guzzle`.
 * The `guzzle4` type has been renamed to `guzzle_http`.
 * The Ivory http adapter library has BC breaks (See [here](https://github.com/egeloen/ivory-http-adapter/blob/master/UPGRADE.md#04-to-05)).

### 0.3 to 0.4

 * The Ivory http adapter library has BC breaks (See [here](https://github.com/egeloen/ivory-http-adapter/blob/master/UPGRADE.md#03-to-04)).

### 0.2 to 0.3

 * The Ivory http adapter library has BC breaks (See [here](https://github.com/egeloen/ivory-http-adapter/blob/master/UPGRADE.md#02-to-03)).

### 0.1 to 0.2

 * The Ivory http adapter library has BC breaks (See [here](https://github.com/egeloen/ivory-http-adapter/blob/master/UPGRADE.md#01-to-02)).
